[Music]
Hello friends, good afternoon, how are you,
how are you, my lovers of the heart? Well, on
this occasion, I'm not going to give you news
from the heart as such, but it is
something quite strong and it will not leave
anyone indifferent. I ask you, of course,
first of all, not to forget to hit the
subscribe button, it helps me a lot,
many people ask me how to do it and
so on, it's nothing, just down below the
video you have a button next to the
name of my channel that says subscribe
and it's absolutely free and you help me
a lot and it belongs to a great family.
What happened yesterday, I really don't do it with him, I'm
telling you this with the intention of offending or
belittling or anything like that, but
yes, they should think about it and realize
that this is already quite strong,
we're not talking about a drop in
Antena 3 surpassing it or anything like that,
but this could
even be considered ruin, okay, yesterday Paseo de la
pasión de Gavilanes scored a 5.9
audience rating,
so we're talking about the fact that it
's not just below 10, we're already
talking about  that they are missing tomorrow
is below 5, that is to say this is
absolute ruin these are numbers that we have
never seen in total for the day the
audiences of Wednesday March 23rd
Antena3 general mark in the day or
15.6 being leaders and Telecinco 11.6
family of having the leadership this is
worth it not only that they are
second but that they are second by a
lot in fact they are
closer to third than first this
is what is causing there to be
so many changes in Telecinco if we
are seeing it imagine what they
will be seeing because of course they
are the ones who keep the accounts they are the ones who
will be with the most
updated statistics and above all better
statistics you know more concrete than what
we see because in the end
we see a percentage spending I
know this dismissive
this is a ruin family this is not
easily raised I already said yesterday
that my opinion in my opinion the changes they
are making in Salvame that if
Carlota you go with a program that if
Vélez I don't know that it is not going to be of any use it is
not going to be of any use but no because I do
not want that  it's no use and
you don't either, it's that the
audience doesn't want it, it's not going to want a
program that Carlota Corredera does, I don't care
that Carlota Corredera is on
Sálvame, that she does a program alone, I don't care, she's
not going to watch it, it's going to be a
complete failure, the only thing I see, the
only possibility I see that they can get
these 35 programs back on their feet, the ones that are
doing badly, for example,
programs like Ya Son Las 8 have an
audience that's good for their time slot,
programs like Fred, also Ana Rosa,
The Leader, I mean, that's not the only one that's taking anyone away, the
problem they have is with the
TV factory, what I see is that they
change it, release another
new heart program, completely new, but
not from the TV factory, and that they
give it a different air, and that above
all, that a new anime comes out, that they
stop with the Rocío anime and that they
leave me with the tributes to the
juries that really seems like a Pandero channel, the
same code appears to you, that there are
channels that are from the Blue Tide that are
still missing, that I don't know what  Telecinco
seems like a Rocío Jurado channel now
that I care, Rocío Jurado should make
a tribute like they would make a tribute
to Rocío Dúrcal like they would make
a tribute to Rafael Consell on a specific day in
her name, to whoever it may be, but that's it,
let me be with what's assured, I'm
not interested. What I think is that
a new anime has to come out. What I think
is that Jesulín de Ubrique has to talk about. He
makes a documentary and that would be
a bomb. That would be a bomb and there we would
have another year and a half of content.
Total family ruin.
5.9 they recorded that number and we'll see in the
following days how it evolves. A
hug. See you in the next one.
[Music]